All right.
Yeah.
So we are in chunky monkey which is kind of a funny name but let's roll with it.
What we want to take in two arguments one an array of values such as A B C or D or numbers.
We don't really care what the contents of the array are it's going to be a one dimensional array into
a number.
And that's going to tell us how many values we want in our nested array.
That's our objective here is we want to nest values and we don't create a double nested array based
off our array.
And in those double nested arrays the number is the amount of values here.
And if there's not enough we just put what's left over into them.
So the only hint I have free for methods I use to solve this was slice is for the most part a pure logic
type array algorithm.
Let's go to and jump into it.
All right.
So what we have to do here is we need to create an array the source of values and why we still have
values we need to slice them out of there and add it to a new array.
So what we're going to do is we are going to create our array here and this can be a concept and I called
it holder array although I don't really like that.
So let's maybe what's a good name for this array which is called nested.
This is not a great name either.
And this is going to be equal to an empty array.
And what we eventually want to return is our nested array.
And so what we're going to do here is we're going to have a count that's going to be initialized 0 and.
And we're going to need to initialize a zero.
So let's not do that.
This is a better idea.
I'm Refractories my own code as we do this.
So we're going to have a WHILE loop this as well.
Oh we do need count loops.
We do need a count.
So I see why I had it originally.
See I knew what I was doing originally.
So we're going to have a count variable this won't be for a while loop to keep track of when we break
out of our context when it's time to say hey we're no longer we no longer need to do this operation.
And so we're going to do our length which is our input so all count is greater than Heartland's.
Go ahead and continue iterating through it.
Now in our array we are in our nested array where we want to do is we want to push a value.
I think I forgot to say push but you figured that out at this point.
So we want to push a value here and then we want to take our original array value.
Because that's where we're getting from and we want a slice on that on that variables count.
Now from there we're going to have a count which is we're going to set the value here and count is going
to be equal to count plus equal size and size will be the amount of values we have in here.
And that's really it at the end of the day.
So we're creating an array.
We're then pushing a new array.
So when you for those you don't know when you slice an array what's actually happening is this going
to return an array of values of any as you can see here and a start to an endpoint and then create a
new array which would then push in those values and our sizes what's going in and counts what we're
keeping track of.
And at the end of it we're just returning the array.
So pretty straightforward not not too bad of a solution.
I really like this one because it felt like it gave me a nice little mix of what a clear objective.
Well you know we don't oftentimes get an opportunity use while loops.
We could have probably use recursion in some fashion or another here as well to solve this but I really
did enjoy this Altro.